Franz Liszt, Hungarian Rhapsody 12, Hofmann Duo-Art 6139

Roll has bass side edge damage about 7 minutes in, and slight treble
edge damage at 5:27 and 4:24 in. Roll paper dry, rather stiff, some
surface irregularities.

At bar 69.1.5 in MIDI file, note Db5 is broken by a small amount.
A prior recording of this roll from a collection (not Condon
collection) also has this note broken, but with a wider gap. (An
indication of differences between roll cuts.) See note 1 (in pencil)
on roll, about 2:45 in.

Sustain pedal perforation broken at start, not so in prior recording.
As described below, this is removed in the edited files. (Hungarian
Rhapsody 12, Hofmann 6139 CS-1 edited e.mid and Hungarian Rhapsody
12, Hofmann 6139 CS-2 edited e.mid)

Soft pedal (note F9 in eroll file, or top most note) has numerous
breaks between bars 56 to 61. Also on prior recording. This would
not affect playing on an original instrument, due to the slow speed
of operation of the pedal. Also breaks occur at points in the playing
that prevent the effect being noticeable. I would normally edit
this to create a single on-off command for the entire length to
avoid unnecessary noise and movement of the side shift of a grand
piano.

Difficult roll to reproduce on an original instrument due to rapid
repeats.

Original MIDI files as recorded are provided, along with edited
MIDI files that were used to create the emulated files. Edits to
these two files were done when emulation software reported 5 notes
(3 notes) as being too close together. (CS-1 and CS-2 respectively)
Edits were:

<ol>
<li> at bar 2, lengthen sustain pedal note (F#1, or bottom most note) to correct punching error.
<li> at bar 5, shorten length of three notes to permit repetition.
<li> at bar 27, shorten length of seven notes to permit repetition.
<li> at bar 69.3, shorten Db5 note to permit its repetition.
</ol>

The above issues are due to the punching quality of the roll, and
show the need to post edit a MIDI file to obtain proper playing.
These edits were not needed on the roll I had previously recorded.
