I've been waiting for your email. There's an important point I want
to make about roll reading and roll scanning. Scanning produces a
MIDI file of the roll data, which is the type of file used for
producing recut rolls with a MIDI controlled perforator. A roll
reader (as in my system) produces MIDI files for playing on a
reproducing piano, either pneumatic (with MIDI valve interface) or
Disklavier and the like. When comparing the two types of files,
it's important to appreciate the differences. I can give further
info if you need.

Attached are four MIDI files per roll and a text file per roll that
explains certain aspects of the rolls and what I found. The four
MIDI files per roll are simply two files duplicated. That is, I
recorded each roll twice (as you requested). The -e.mid files are
eroll MIDI files, or the files straight from the roll reader. The
.mid files have been processed using Windplay software to produce
MIDI files for playing on a Disklavier.

Hope this is all useful to you, but I suspect comparing these files
with a scanned MIDI file may prove a bit tricky. Things to look for
in scanned files include:

1) chain perforations becoming repeating notes
2) missing notes
3) repeating notes turned into long chained notes
3) extra notes
4) shortened notes
5) delayed notes
6) tempo change (this is a bigger topic than simply two words)

And more...

Keep in touch, as I am most interested in what you find about roll
scanning. I became interested in scanning some years ago, and was
given the parts to make a roll scanner. However I am not convinced
it is the way to go in regard to producing files for playing on a
piano. I spent quite a bit of time before I came to that conclusion.
It is, however definitely the way to go for producing recut rolls.

I also believe it is important that Stanford scan the rolls
photographically, to produce images of the rolls. This then allows
researchers to examine the virtual roll with greater ease than
examining the actual roll. It also captures all the artwork on
Audiographic rolls. I think Anthony's scanner does this.

